This is a good opportunity for me to marry Bang Dien Group.
I can't let money always talk to me.
- Of course.
So let's talk privately.
What's inside?
Who's right, whose house is this?
Okay, wait a minute.
If Cortin is right today...
You don't just have to kneel down and apologize to me.
Her husband also had to kneel down with her.
Take what we had to endure at Long Xuyen Hotel that day.
They all suffered again.
Sorry, I don't do it by hand.
Nothing.
I returned the order to buy a house that can be stopped.
Also bought this set as a gift for Uncle Le.
Not a lie.
So you guys say it first.
The wedding room is nothing more than a bubble of diamond flowers.
So I said.
Inside there is an insurance box.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha no.
Who will place the safe in the wedding room?
You're sure.
Uncle Lam, you are a lowly person.
I don't know what's normal inside a rich family's wedding room.
Stop talking nonsense.
Have you laughed enough?
If you laugh enough
If not, let's go to the wedding room to check it out.
Go then go.
Huh?